Add light theme feature documentation (#233)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/ui.md

The notifications icon, represented by a bell, is located on the right side of the main toolbar. By clicking the bell icon, users can view a list of the latest [notifications](notifications.md) they received.

> The profile menu is located at the far right of the main toolbar. Clicking the profile image will reveal a dropdown menu where users can perform several actions, like navigate to their [profile page](profile.md), [download and upload translations](translate.md#downloading-and-uploading-translations), [change their theme](ui.md#theme-toggle), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profile menu is located at the far right of the main toolbar. Clicking the profile image will reveal a dropdown menu where users can perform several actions, like navigate to their [profile page](profile.md), [download and upload translations](translate.md#downloading-and-uploading-translations), change their theme, etc.
```

Since it's an internal reference, no need for the file name. But, after looking at the whole document, I think we should get rid of the section title completely.

![Profile menu](../../assets/images/pontoon/ui/profile_menu.png "Screenshot of the profile menu")

Note that some profile menu items are only available to users with specific [permissions](users.md#user-roles).

> ## Theme toggle

Reviewer: Looking at the whole document, I realized this is more a subsection of `Main toolbar` (so 3rd level).

But I would drop the section title completely, and continue the explanation, given the text above is already talking about what's available in the profile menu.

> A toggle to switch the current them is available in the profile menu and in the [settings page](users.md#appearance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A selector to change the current theme is available in the profile menu and in the [settings page](users.md#appearance).
```

The typo is all mine 😳 (them -> theme).

But I also think `toggle` is only for 2 states, not multiple?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toggle_switch_(widget)

> There are three theme options available:

Reviewer: We can move this together with the previous paragraph to avoid a lot of empty space (you're already doing it in the other page).

```
A selector to change the current theme is available in the profile menu and in the [settings page](users.md#appearance). There are three theme options available:
```

The notifications icon, represented by a bell, is located on the right side of the main toolbar. By clicking the bell icon, users can view a list of the latest [notifications](notifications.md) they received.

The profile menu is located at the far right of the main toolbar. Clicking the profile image will reveal a dropdown menu where users can perform several actions, like navigate to their [profile page](profile.md), [download and upload translations](translate.md#downloading-and-uploading-translations), [change their theme](ui.md#theme-toggle), etc.

![Profile menu](../../assets/images/pontoon/ui/profile_menu.png "Screenshot of the profile menu")

Note that some profile menu items are only available to users with specific [permissions](users.md#user-roles).

## Theme toggle

> ### Location

Reviewer: Let's simplify this structure and drop 3rd level section titles.

Feel free to edit the actual text

```
A toggle to switch the current them is available in the profile menu and in the [settings page](users.md#appearance).

There are three theme options available:

* Light.
* Dark.
* Match system (aligns with the theme used by the operating system).

To change the theme, select the button corresponding to your preferred theme. The change will take effect immediately.
```
